[Music]
never said anything I meant I never said the letters that I should have said the
choice [Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic
initiation we have a treat tonight we're gonna do the show with a split
personality it's gonna be Gnostic informant right here with us
to punch us with all the sources to dig deep it's a pleasure and an honor to work
with a servant to the muse tonight we're going to dig
into the Apocalypse we're going to open up the very opening
and we're going to show all of us who is this
guy named Jesus yeah who is she fantastic
uh great show hit it Chewie
[Music]
so we're gonna bring him on but before we do I want to say a couple of words
really quick we're gonna bring in this champion who has been searching the
sources and plummeting The Depths and is out gunning the big guns
um very very proud to work with the Gnostic informant who
has achieved gnosis yeah love it love it
um a little bit of music for you to introduce it we're gonna we're gonna sum it up AC DC tonight uh Neil and I want I
want us in their Spirit as if they were chorus I'm gonna play a few times as if there were chorus here who are do our
work um uh how are you doing absolutely doing good the Mania is
Flowing I've had the spirit of Bacchus I'm ready to go I'm ready to uh follow
your lead in this and dig into these sources we're gonna resurrect some of these Ancient Ancient Greco-Roman
thinkers of of the of these pre-christian times so we can have a post-christian Time
I can smell the corpses I can smell them I want to refin like that which didn't
Luke and I want to reach open that mouth put my teeth against his teeth and just
suck out that voice love it tonight we're gonna go to two sources or two
Wells and I'm gonna bring everybody and I want uh I want us to just blow this
thing up look at it I'm gonna bring everybody a new orphic source some of you have heard of it some of you haven't
none of you have read it I know because if you have seen any of it you've seen it in Translation
um and there is a power to the language that is here that I think you'll see tonight uh that uh it's just astounding
and I think we're gonna open up the view is Right open up we're going to keep a opening up that reality to see what's
going on um I want to hit us right in the beginning of the Apocalypse let's take the ship there let's set it let's go in
and let's see what they're saying she would give us the apocalypse apocalypse yes too yeah this is the apocalypse
right of Jesus Christ right which God gave right to all his servants right oh
this is wonderful stuff we've seen all of this right oh my God blessed look at verse three
excuse me that person is
blessed you could say blessed fortunate who is recognizing or bringing back the
knowledge right it's Anna gignosko right people don't realize this this is a cult
term if you were to take if you were to take all of just a purple highlighter
and to run through anything that had to do with the the cult the mystery the
performance of the mystery um this would be part of it right so okay first thing we're looking at
tonight is bringing back up that knowledge bring it up we're going to end up in the lap of the Priestess but right
now we're there in the initiation and the opening up good hit the text again
yeah very fortunate it's the one who brings all this stuff up right you know the
words of the prophecy right and the guards them this dude is you know
honored because it's time it's time we gotta guard those things written okay
those things written yeah okay all right so put yourself in
that apocalyptic mindset hit us with the next text here we come in oh yeah no this is just
yeah the churches in Asia it's a greeting right it's the first thing he opens up with is peace and you know uh
uh charity Grace you know good favor from the one who owned look at that
second line on the one who is being po ain't the one who was and the one at
home in us the one who's coming right and look at that very next line
from those seven spirits the seven spirits right he's charging up
here he's charging up we know that Greece used the concept of charging
things up sigils and whatnot charging him he's charging the right he's getting
it ready hit us with the next text um uh next text
yeah go back to that one yeah um look at verse number five
look at that what is that what is that it's the first talk
bring us up the next slide look at Alice Alice please tell us what is this
prototocos hmm bearing or having borne her
firstborn look at this where it's used it's used with mother having to do a heifer right as far back
as The Iliad bra look it's dealing with an Ike's a goat in theocritis a hoose a
pig a pig yeah you like that I say nymphoma yes it does Neil what's your
question say it again is that does that say nymph for the orphic it does it says nymph uh let's go there
right why don't we go there to the nymph and see how she is the first bearing
rise the first bearing remember when you're translating this you're not looking through the Christian lens
you're not looking through a Jewish lens you're not looking through an atheist lens or anybody modern you're looking in
that ancient pool good let's go to that next uh text here because Neil brought it up
Neil this is the text that we're talking about there yeah Delta on El commentoy toy are
Paso that word Apostle is used on the medical side a lot and it's an app it's
a word for applying right I'm applying this this assistant
uh Stone right to the to the person who
is in this place of need and it's any plat on look at that second line it's full of what says pesio galactos
it's full of this Fez Passage this Oracle bringing milk Oracle
bringing milk aote just as the mazdon just as the breast protot
of the the first bearing nymph
okay so um as everybody knows just nature she's had her child and now she starts
lactating right this epithet that is used to describe Jesus
is a cult epithet that was a cult work right the stones the lethal
um it's called work and within that context it has to do with the application of a drug of a drug so we're
starting to get a right a picture of a right where the milk provides the antidote and that's exactly
what they're doing remember we talked about creating the body through which the communion could can
come so I wanna this is kind of the first topic I want to approach was with Neil
um Neil so you've got give me that polished Stone
dildo that works as a medical applicator give it to me covered in the burning purple
yeah it's yeah apply it as they would rectally
rectally right this is the right we're walking through the right and
this induces a state of mania that we can only describe as
psychosis and we have the descriptions of how the people react when they're in
this state the Priestess that I'm about to show you after whom Jesus is is
um mimicking after whose rights Jesus is performing a mimicry
right he is taking her titles he's taking the nymphs titles and when she uh
applies so I've got the medicine on board right and when she applies her
when I go to the Dark Harbor she applies what's in her vagina through
orgasm to my mouth in that combination I'm going to die
with that combination I'm going to die but if in the process she has rendered
me her breast milk and this isn't any and if um by the way we're talking about
rights people that are drug activated and sex activated so they're combining that's why the word
for fornication is also the word for just to practice idolatry right so okay
so at this point in the at this point in the right if I have taken of that breast milk of hers which our texts say is only
from the OM Fox only from the grape breast the grape-like breast of that
um woman that we have engineered that we have engineered that Madusa and
I'm going to show you in him in just a second that Medusa that has the
um titles that Jesus is stepping into so okay if I've had that Delaney they
called it if I've had her breast milk it will keep me alive I may be in a state of death for three
days but if I have that Delaney in me I can
come out of it I can resurrect so okay let's stop there for now and I'm
gonna throw in some more sources uh Neil where where's your mind on this
so I'm thinking about how in the the depiction of in these gospels there's
there's you have the the the the the three-day Motif you have the idea of him
being thirsty on the cross specifically why would the author write that in there with what's that to do with anything you
have these him chanting uh cathonic father and you know these are supposedly
from the Psalms which is fine because that's what Orpheus would be doing if he's dying too a lot of this stuff lines
up with the rights being applied to this story and I think we lose the context
the Catholic Church sort of shelters their sheep because they're the you know they're the pastor they got the rod they
got that that agor staff and they sort of shelter Europeans for a thousand
years from where these rights actually came from but if you actually told this story to somebody in the first century
second century in I don't know pathogonia or phrygia they would know
exactly what the hell is going on here that's why you have people like the not seen preacher in the second century but
I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself but I'm just I'm trying to illustrate for people these the context of these
rights make perfect sense for the for the time period but a thousand fifteen hundred years later with with all these
rights being hidden and done behind closed doors we have no idea what this stuff means we have no idea why he's
saying I thirst or why they're pulling out Alabaster or why three days what does all this mean that's what we're
getting at beautifully stated let's call up the next text that we're going to look at
so look um it's coming in the clouds you don't pay attention he's come in the clouds
and uh all eyes will see him right whoever whoever you know put in death
whoever crashed him right right and all everybody's gonna see him a night a man
I just want you to look at the last word in this passage right a man
why are we inserting a magic word here right it's very important because this
is an incantation right this is part of the prophecy when
he gets smacked into the Wilderness you can take it down when he gets driven into the eremon and he's in a state
notice that John says he fell on the ground as if he were dead right right these are states that they
are inducing very physical States you know they're they're messing with the physiology
um and yeah let's go see who that next text let's go see who she is
um look at this yeah I am the Alpha and the Omega why is
he saying that right people are like what does that mean and you can get entire sermons on this that are full of
Unholy garbage
and look at this look at this Neo you're gonna love this because now we're gonna I'm I'm bringing in C.S Lewis I got him
right here I got them right here and I'm doing untoward things to him I'm gonna do some
untoward things to him right now right okay you can't see me where I'm doing it
but I'm doing it look at this last word pantocrator what is a Ponto Cross or
yeah do we have the next yes give us the next yeah look at this look at this
you know Ponto Cross or oh it's a masculine form of a panto cratera
wait a minute you say there's a feminine form of this word yes and look what the
source is it's the orific hymns surprise surprise everybody says and Neil knows
this um everybody says the date on these orific hymns is hard to fix and some
people will say anywhere from sixth fifth century down to Second A.D and
some Scholars stepped up about 30 years ago when I was still into the scholarship and were saying no no no by
the the archaicisms that are in the language this has to be contemporary
what he said and possibly possibly a century earlier if
you look at the nuances of the hymns and how they're built and the words that are
being used and how they're being used yeah it's it love it love it so I'm one
of those earlier guys so we have the title for the Ponto crator right but it's in a hymn it's a
hymn to nature which also uses all the empathets that Paul the Apostle who is
way way immune to snake venom the dude got bit by an ass nothing happened he's
like and he knew it wouldn't happen Ryan's like yeah
yeah amazing amazing um let's pull up a text pull up the next
text Chewie thanks here it is here it is I'm going to read it from mine whole foodsy
right Palmetto look at that
this is the mother right this is the all mother
all right this is the all mother fousis that first the second word the first is an interjection the second word foosis
that's their word for nature nature so all of a sudden Paul thank
Paul and when he talks about wait a minute the creation and all things are created through him and by him and for
him wait a minute where to get that phrase we're about to see let's look a little
bit further look on the one two three fourth line down on the second line Neil you'll see urania is the first yeah as
the first word right this is urania so you know where we are you're always bombarding me with with with stuff about
Aphrodite and Adonis and and and uh Cyprus
you know which we should go to someday yes
but here's urania so now you know who she is look at that fourth line down the
first word Ponto kratera right she is that Ponto crafter she is that one who
who um forges all right
yes gorgeous gorgeous notice that she's Otto pator and apator
oh my God self father and not father yeah um all of a sudden you're gonna
notice oh my goodness she is she is give us the next one Olivia um
next one no I guess goodbye goodbye
to the him oh there we are this is the one I want notice that she is particularly potentia Diamond at the top
you'll notice potenia right that's beautiful right she she is the Ponto
techniques all of a sudden you start smelling um uh Athena and Athena was worshiped in
this guise um sonius knows that right he stumbled across one of her epithets right
um perifron oh that's look at this she's this Mistress of this mind it's gorgeous
it's gorgeous just jump down ideas Zoe on the fourth line from the
bottom guess what this idios idea that's our word for eternal
the ion is not eternity Jesus did not come to give eternal life
he didn't never use the phrase eternal life he used the phrase ionic life
right look look what she is here she is that
eternal life she is that eternal life I am the way
the truth and the life look at the last the third and last line pontes
This is basically right out of Paul the Apostle all right except switch because
he would have to be stealing it from her yeah yeah we're dressing up Jesus as she
because Jesus is borrowing from this tradition he is operating the
mystery but he's doing it himself not through her right do you understand of course that's
why he's arrested with a naked boy right of course that's why there's stuff on his face
right there always is in the right okay look at uh we got that uh that third to
last line all things right are made right all things are made by and for you
you alone accomplish these things right you are that Telos
of the mystery you are that completion go to the Colossians text please where's
the Apostle Paul here come here come here you bitter oh no it's not that one
go down now
where did she go father Cantera no now here's the sound pink though look at
this this is the Revelation guys look at number 10 and I I was in the Panama I
was in the spirit are you in the spirit yeah how do you get kicked into the
spirit right these angular are always doing this and I heard this great voice as a solid pinks as a trumpet and right
here here uh take that off here we can delineate corruption from the pure
they're fundamentalists there from both sides of the Evangelical or Jewish side
who will walk around with the shohar you know they got some kind of animal
horn and a bird you see amount of protesting in front of trump too right
it's a thing it's a symbol it's that trumpet they they want that they're
Jericho followers and they you know who I'm talking about and they'll they'll walk around Jericho and blow the horn
and bring down the bad guys right um and they often confuse that with this
and that is not what this is the corruption is the Hebrew side of it it
comes through that through the horn it's not what this is this is Etruscan
this is Etruscan that thing that they carry around it's actually a trumpet
they can smack you with it too um go to the soundpings definition soundpinks look at this solid pinks War
trumpet and look at what word what word it's using
that yachos Neil is you know who iacoast is oh yeah this is that shout that comes
that bockach shout through the South pinks wow yeah and if you just jump down
my mind's going on right now okay good that's the chant that's the
secret chant of the ellusinian Mysteries yeah yeah it's the it's a war trumpet
yeah yeah you know this kind of pan destroyed the enemies of his father with
his voice by screaming right by chanting at them and destroyed them with his boy
this is some we're going deep right now the uh the next one will show you that
the tearsanoi are the ones who carry that thing around right it's called the it's called the
Etruscan of the tyrannian horn yeah so isn't that cool it's a
divination instrument as well that's what all the augers are using so when you walk up to the Pope
nicely and you're like hey I like your stick and it's based upon it it's got
looks like a conch shell kind of thing guess why that is
the augers yeah yeah it's it's uh brilliant next text Olivia
I want I want Neil um look at this Harold give the signal and restrain the
crowd and let the piercing tyranny and trumpet filled with human breasts and forth It's shrill Blair to the people
who is this and what's the context it's Athena she's setting up the Law Court
and she's using the tyranian trumpet to do it she's using that turinian tool right
she's that Polytechnic God yeah good Neil comment what do you think
Athena holds the demiurgic power of of of Victory and creation equal to Zeus
there's no one else besides Athena who holds it that's why you see Zeus holding Nike in his hand or Athena holding Nike
in her hand that's it there's only only two and Zeus by the way in the derveni
Papyrus is called the first and the last and it's almost like is this what Jesus
is trying to become he's trying to do these orphic rights so he can be like Zeus and be the son of Saturn
I'm just saying a lot of this stuff is lining up pretty pretty pretty nicely for me
yeah and it makes you wonder you know why does a man want to take on these
titles if all these titles are working within the cult and the mystery and he's
using that thing in operation he's actually performing it um it puts him into a light that we
don't normally get through the judeo-christian tradition right
um we don't we just don't see that we don't see the right for what it is let's go
give me another text I got a couple more taxes here I just want to take a look at quick
yeah yeah all things here it is because all things you know were made by
him and Uranus yeah okay and Uranus and on the Gaze yeah the
things orata the things seen and the Things Not Seen
even if they're Thrones all right we know where those are right
our audience knows what those Thrones are or the curiotetes the the powers
yeah the archon ships right the authorities all these things
right are done through him and to him right his manifestation into him that
foosis that line is exactly what we see in the orphic hymn to fuses to Nature
it's the exact same um imprecation Paul is taking very
cultic material and is adapting it to his as if Jesus had stepped into the
place of the one who's who's in oysters speaking of using this this cultic
language in Revelation thought the sea
and Hades and Thanatos those are three different orphic deities
that you offer hymns in in the orphan in the orphic hymns and these are they're
giving up their dead and then being cast into the Lake of Fire as if they are deities or figures and would people just
read this in church and have no idea what it means right so how can they possibly when they
come up with their dominionists and all their theologians how can they possibly even begin to decipher this stuff if
they don't know the actual context I mean you've been interviewing a ton of experts right and they're all examining
if how important is it that you know where that dirt is that you're in that
dust I mean what have you seen now because you know you can go completely different sides of the argument you can
just you can do a lot a lot of circle jerkering I've seen one translation that
says death gave up its dead and death gave up its dead twice
like what is they're just gonna ignore that there's two different the Greek has two different words here and they just
translate Hades as death and then and then death as death as well and so the
context is gone the the English-speaking Christians of uh you know UK and America
they're like little children that are being like sheltered by the reality of what they're actually worshiping and
doing they have no idea where this stuff comes from they're it's it's kind of fascinating to even to like witness that
they don't know what it is because the the translation loses all context
they sit they sit in darkness right they sit in darkness you should uh clip that
what you just said I give you permission if you need it you should clip that
um it was a perfect statement of watching it's funny you're right it's funny to watch the people and they they
perpetuate like fairy tales they're like little traditions and little stories that have nothing to do with what's
actually going on right in the text so um real quick before you move on someone
the crowd who's watching this if you have a friend who's still a Christian do this as soon as possible tomorrow
tonight whatever bring up that verse where it talks about Hades in the sea and death giving up their dead
ask him hey what does this mean to you just ask them just I just you'll be
amazed at the reply you'll get you it's you'll probably get a million different answers for a million different people because no one talks about it it's as if
it doesn't exist and I would bet that most pastors wish it wasn't there we should just we could
just delete that part because obviously there's some there's something going on there
fantastic you're right you're right and also tell them hey I would also tell your friend who's sitting there trying
to decide um look at Jesus when he's arrested and ask yourself what's he doing with a
naked boy yeah right what's he doing what's the kid doing there yeah yeah because something he's doing
something with him and you're and your own Pastor will tell you Mark is the shortest gospel because every word
matters there's no extra information there's no extra fluff so the fact that
Mark would have an extra fluff sentence of and a naked boy ran off with a sin
down on his on his on his stomach no no no no no that's there for a reason you admitted yourself there is no extra
information in mark because it's the shortest gospel it's packed with punches every syllable means something what does
that mean well that's just extra information no no either you're the one that said it you're the one that said
every syllable matters in Mark that's why it's so short tell us what is Mark 14 telling us that's what you have to
figure out brilliant another short get get
the uh get that last uh text up there I think this is the last one yeah and to
the angel of the assembly and laodicea right write these things
um I just want you to notice that it says there so says the amen
the amen right he is the martus the pistos he's that witness he's that
faithful he's that alathenos that true he's the arche
what is what is he the ruler of
now what's funny is um that thesis is exactly what the same
word that is used in the hymn um he is that Builder it really means
Builder yeah it really means Builder and it's used originally of her
she's originally of urania yeah that all Builder
yeah that one that brings that power um and there's a lot of other you know
there's a lot of other from the hymn for example she's also the Salas for the Salas foreign the bringer of that light
that is from the lightning yeah so um that cellos is a big part of
the cult mystery cult there's a mystery of iniquity right working the mystery of
anomia that's already working right and once that restrainer is
stopped um the man of lawlessness can come forward
um it's all mystery operation uh good stuff mystery operation and I think
that's uh I think that's all the text that I had yeah that's all the text that I had I
want uh people to see that there's overlap that there's overlap and so one
of the benefits of having Neil come then is to say okay
what do we say then when we're on that when we're out there with the scholars
we're not there with the scholars and we're talking to them how can you
push this information how would you deal with your
um your audience Neil when you're addressing your audience how do you present this information do you present
it as look um this is what's here or D just kind of
kind of weave it in so what I'm saying is when a professor steps out on the edge with you you know
how skittish they are because they don't want to be proven wrong or something right when they're out there in that
world and they're trying to explain something you're going head-to-head with when you come across something that you know is BS like you've seen the reality
here you know the orphic you just said oh this is the orphic rights right it's
being practiced the Christians are doing it what do you say to the scholar that doesn't know that level of the text
Alice never lies you go to atlas because Alice Alice gives us the Linguistics
which never the Linguistics Linguistics is the roots of everything so we go
there first we talk about the Linguistics we talk about Ellis then the sources we go right to the right to the
primary sources we don't need any some some Theory from hold on let me fix this real quick some Theory from some guy in
the in the in the 19th century we go straight to the sources straight to a third Century sources BCE
2nd Century B Alexandria Rhodes right to the Greek right to the Latin and we pull
it up and we put it side by side and say Here's what they're saying they're using the same terminology they're using the
same chance using the same drugs and then here he is in the New Testament being used in the same way and you're
going to sit there and say it's you don't see it so we show them we put the sources together and you there's
there's no playing around when that when we do that that's what we do that's what you do I've learned that from you like
you when I first met you you brought up a lot of and really mind-blowing
theories and and not I shouldn't say theories but kind of theories but like at the time with other theories
and then we show then we went to the text went to the sources there that he's right I holy [__] this is mind-blowing
stuff and you once you show someone the sources they can't they can't deny it like they can choose to go like this but
like these are the sources the context is the is when we go back to the first century Greco-Roman World these are
things that are being done in mystery Cults in Egypt in phrygia in near El
luces in Athens in Rome actually too so these are the things that are happening
on the on the ground throughout the empire in this time period and without that context you would never know
because we live in a whole completely different world today I would pass the Puritan age and the
scientific Age of Reason all that that's ain't that's the ancient world it's a whole different world that we're not a
part of anymore so that's something people need to realize
I want to ask you why you're here about Hermes because this epithet that Jesus
uses uh when I say Jesus I mean when John paints him with this epithet it's
an epithet of Hermes and particularly Hermes as the angel loss as that
messenger of God who ends up having that sun relationship
with the father right he's the son and you could say he's the son of God he's
called logos too yeah and he's yes and he's transmitting that right oh he's
true I'm glad you brought that up because Justin Martyr admits this Justin Martyr in his apologia by the way what
are you apologizing for what do you apologize the whole apology I think Justin Martyr says you have a logos too
you guys call him Mercury and then you have asclepius he's also the son of of
he's a Son of God too and you know you has have all your logos and and yeah and
that's important because Mercury as someone like Philo relates and
philo's doing the same thing Justin Martyr is doing a century prior to all all his alexandrian cultic friends that
he's trying to impress you know he's like the he's the one he's that one the one Jewish guy that's trying to join the
club and everyone's like nah bro like let's get that Yahweh stuff out of here
this is what this is true he is he writes about Philo says but but what about the the logos and mercury and all
this stuff what about and he's playing this whole apologetics thing and uh yeah
that's and so Mercury Hermes Angelos the messenger he only does what
he's told by Zeus he's very he didn't he never breaks uh breaks what Zeus makes
him do he does exactly what Zeus does and he comes back and he says Zeus I've done it for you what else you want me to
do now and then he goes over and then Prometheus just kind of breaks the law so Prometheus and Hermes you see this
demon and Angel dichotomy way before Christianity brings
this stuff to light but yeah this is all cultic imagery cultic language this is
the way of the of the world in this time period absolutely yeah and the fact that he's
using that Jesus is using these epithets and all of this language that's
connected with the mystery you'd have to be a [__] I mean really I stand back
and I look I look at us and I think oh my God we how do we not see it how do we
how do we somehow fail just with the original text
and I'm telling you this failure is perpetuated Century by Century by
Century every time um control goes to the church and the it
and they're able to manipulate the information we get a fairy tale Enlightenment and going to those texts
ourselves and reaching into those texts brings back this right and uh um this is
fearful this is a fearful place for the church this involves the abuse of children Jesus Christ himself
comes from an abusive performance comes from a a performance of a mystery that
is centered around child abuse what you and I would call child abuse so either
we get into it I mean when you come on let's get into the tough part um when you're in the temple and they've
got you tied up and that Priestess has applied that medicine to your bottom and has put you
into a state where you are approaching that sexual Climax and she ejaculates
drugs made by her own body into your mouth
and then proceeds to give you the Cure that'll bring you back and remember
you're in a psychotic state you're in a psychotic State you're in
that demonic influence right you're under that influence
at that point you die you know and come back sometime
thereafter thankfully because of it um if this Priestess
is one of the dancers at d-loss right
she is very much underage she's very much underage and this makes everybody
uncomfortable to which I say Athena you should be uncomfortable
Athena that virgin that you protect is that same age group
um there's one phrase in the hymn tonight the most important that I didn't I didn't read to you uh let me just read
it to you now
yeah um she is the medwa she is the Medusa
in The Ether in the water yeah everywhere
right she is that Force so again you would get there to that spring
to to that great pure spring you would get there under these circumstances so
much so that in this initiation you only have to do it once on a person once on a person once you've had that
World open and your eyes are open and you come back from it through Resurrection you never go back you can't
you've been born again you've been born again so uh I don't know your thoughts
observations on the right Apple lay us relates this when he says that when he
got initiated into Isis in Osiris he was dipped in the water seven times because
of the Pythagorean method that's what he says that exactly he specifically says in the Pythagorean sense dip seven times
and so you had this idea and also in the text in in the god in in the baptism
scene where where when he comes out of the water the heavens open up now you might someone might say well that's
because he's the he's the son of God but the the text to me is relating a more of
a initiation message this was an initiation that this person had an
experience the heavens opened up so it makes sense on a different level than
what most people are reading for the when they're just reading it who don't have ears to hear if that makes sense
the initiated ear reads this passage and goes I know what they're doing yeah he's got
he got initiated all right he took he took the rights he he drank the milk he took the Soma he did so you you get what
I was getting at he Bacchus entered this entered him and that at that State that's what that initiation is back to
apaleus dipping his head seven times and coming up out of the water and that's
that's that experience that's that Awakening that's the the those with ears
to hear that's that's the initiation process and correct me if I'm wrong Neil but in
ambulance there um that whole process only came about because she
was able to transform him from an ass in back into a human form through the
rose right Isis does it through the rose if you're there in the right and you are
entering the orgasmos and you fall into
death and are brought back with her image
um you can't you can't ever become an ass again because you know right imagine if you
were able just for a second if we were able to do something quantum right put you in some kind of state
so that you could see the dimension that is beyond the black
holes that are in our universe and you could see that we are a reflection of that imagine if you could make that
bridge and then come back um you would never you'd never be the
same you'd never right Obed writes about this but he gives you the opposite the
opposite of that coin is this King Midas who doesn't have ears to hear
wants to be initiated he's granted the Golden Touch right Bacchus gives him what he wants but he
doesn't he can't handle it he wants to he wants to be saved from his from his uh from his weaknesses from his
spiritual weaknesses right he doesn't want this Golden Touch anymore so what is he he's told to go and dip yourself
into the the Hebrews the same river where Orpheus just died a couple
chapters before where he bled to death in this water here goes King Midas he
dips into the water and he's walking back and he cured him cured his Golden Touch okay cool but as
he's walking back he sees pan and Apollo and they're having a a violin
competition who sounds better than they say hey hey King Midas come here be the let's let
you be the judge and he's he he uh had a terrible he didn't have ears to
hear let's just say that he didn't know how to judge this competition and Apollo looks at him and goes you don't know
what the hell you're talking about so as soon as as soon as he's told that he
doesn't have ears to hear he gets ass ears grow out of his head
ass ears it's the opposite of epileus instead of becoming human from becoming
an ass and being salvation getting salvation through Isis it's the opposite
effect he starts to grow as ears because he doesn't have ears to hear and he doesn't it's a it backfires on him
which makes me wonder why Jesus has that ass head
um in his earliest crucifixion depiction right across
you're so right he's the ass yeah the the only reason I recognize that symbol
is because the the guys like nikander who is this pharmacologist this preacher
not preacher Prophet uh priest at an oracle who does this I mean he's
actually one of these guys who does this and writes about it so
um yeah how can we possibly deny the context of what's going on there's a guy
that ejaculates on Crete he ejaculates scorpion
and snake venom he ejaculates it you can get it out of him
yeah it's a and nobody nobody stops and says wait a minute what and which
scorpions are they talking about why is he doing this right it uh people miss
the context that jet that asses ears by the way um nakander this crazy Prophet priest
pharmacologist um says that the and he takes his own name
and he puts his his name in the each letter in the first uh first word of the
line and spells out nakander right and in these verses he talks about the ass
that is given the burden of the deep sass the snake that brings when that
brings that thirst when Jesus says he has the Seven Stars in his hand one of
those stars because he tells you right they give it away in the text he says those are the ongilloy right there's the
angular so right away you say oh wait a minute these are the ones that are standing in front of that Throne right and what do they do in front of that
Throne they cast that image they bring that image and the dips ass is one of
them it takes all seven in order to induce the death state
takes all seven isn't that how the hell did they figure out
um that you could combine seven different Native venoms you could put them on a in a solution
and put them expose them to the blood vessels of your colon
and rectum and induce this mental state that if you
combine it with the orgasm ends up putting kicking you into Zone
that everybody else comes back from and says their life has been changed that
they've seen Their Eyes Are Open there's a reason when the devil offered it right because he's guarding it he's guarding
that tree there's a reason when he offered it he's like no no he's full of it God's full of it he just doesn't want
your eyes you to open your eyes and to be like he is right and then what happens they get naked there's no
preacher on the planet that can explain why Eve is getting naked and their attempts to do so are so lame and
pathetic they're so lame and pathetic uh what's
hap what's happening um her when her eyes are open she realizes oh no you
know here comes Jehovah and I'm totally nude with ooze all over me and I've been places that nobody's gone before that
explosive orgasm that explosive orgasm is the right that's where you go when
you die right and that putting that on to
somebody casting that mystery changes everything around you it changes your
perception the experience of the initiates of the illusion Mysteries they
held those when they held that ceremony anybody who took part in the Mysteries if you could find me a source that says
the opposite of what I'm about to say I'll give you a million dollars because it doesn't exist there is not one source
that ever said someone who came out of this unsatisfied or then their life didn't change but the specifically it's
really strange specifically it's about losing the fear of death for whatever reason the initiates they
go through the Mysteries and eluses they come out no more for your death very
strange I'll give you an example there was some some uh some servants that were
sent over by by the king of India to meet and delegate with Augustus
Augustus was just so so powerful that the world was all bowing to him Parthia
gave him all the standards back that they took from crisis he was the man he he was the king he was the August one
never been done before he he surpassed Alexander so King porus ironically the
same name as the king that Alexander meant different King Boris he sends him a bunch of delegates and out of like the
seven that he sends three of them make it the rest of them died on the way there they bring him all these presents
they bring him like exotic cats and lions and snakes and uh one of the one
of The Travelers asked Augustus I want to go to the famous elosinian Mysteries
to get initiated Augustus was like I've already been there I've been initiative I'll do it again let's go Augustus has
like seven initiations from different Cults all over all of the Empire he's down he says all right I'll take you there it's winter time they're closed
but on the August one so we could go so they go there they open it up just for them start a whole new initiations off
season this Indian Indian character it is Brahman gets initiated when he came out you know
what his reaction was he jumped into a fire and killed himself because he said I'm done my life is complete
that was that was his reaction from the Mysteries he was so blown away by what
he saw that he jumped into a fire and killed himself and ended his life because he was complete and nothing else
to live for that's what happens and so when when Jesus says I thirst and like
again with with Mark 14 with a naked boy there's no extra information in these
texts there's no extra fluff those words are there for a reason they're sending a signal to the reader
if you know about the Mysteries you know what this means why is someone thirsting what does that mean you don't yeah
yeah beautiful beautiful and we all say oh it's Hebrew Lama no it's not it's
actually Greek Magica yeah it's their magic that's going on I love it I love
it Neo it's an honor it's an honor I'm gonna give you the last word but um I
want everybody to make sure that um you are following in whatever way possible
uh Neil's Journey and the people that he is interviewing
it's makes for an interesting he I usually get upset when he when we talk about his episodes not with him but with
the responses and there's coming a day I'm going to try to be prophetic here
but there's coming a day when Neil will realize if he hasn't already that he's
gone beyond that he's in the into the thick now and the people back there
they've really done that let me just say this I'm going to ask this last question let you have it and then we'll be done
um don't how do you look at these people
who are following the fairy tale do you look at them with pity do you
look at them with contempt um do you look at them as people that we need to you know to shake and say look
this is this is what you're missing how do you look at these people who follows that Christian fairy tale
it's interesting because I honestly just I understand them I understand where
they're coming from I understand what's on their shoulders the weight that some of them have families and then they're
not like me where they can just go off and just coat and start saying stuff that I say so I instead of being mad or
trying to change them I take it on myself that it's my duty to bring this information and I'll talk to these I'll
talk to them and I'll ask them and I'll challenge them on certain things and I understand why they are why some of
these people are the way they are I get it so it's on me I put it on myself to be the one to go forth with this
information because this channel right here satanic initiation lady Babylon
this is a one in a million this is the most unique the most
and it League of its own channel the information here you're not gonna get anywhere else and it's free nothing
better than this this is I I'm way more honored to be on a show like this than I
am to interview some of these ivy league professors honestly I mean that I mean
that I'll say that a hundred times you could not say anything nicer than
that I really appreciate that Neil I think if you were sitting around with uh
with Professor Rock from Boston University he took me over there to Harvard and he was like
right yeah yeah it's an honor it's an honor and everyone else see the honor
that is that is the Gnostic informant you have just attained you have just
attained true gnosis hail Satan everyone [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
has [Music]